POST TITLE: Free parking where on utep?
POST BODY: I recently got a car, and unfortunately the parking permits have all been sold. Please 😭 where is some free parking that is a good distance from utep? Any suggestions?
COMMENT: Share news, blog-posts, gossip and other interesting things about our beloved University of Texas at El Paso!
As a new community, we encourage everyone to subscribe and to tell their friends about this subreddit. This will help turn our small subreddit into a large thriving community!
Related Subreddits
/r/ElPaso
/r/LasCruces
Student Resources
UTEP Official Website
The Prospector
Rate My Professors - UTEP
My Edu
El Paso redditors Facebook group
COMMENT: I recently got a car, and unfortunately the parking permits have all been sold. Please 😭 where is some free parking that is a good distance from utep? Any suggestions?
COMMENT: Just keep refreshing the site I lost hope but then I finally was able to buy one today around noon
COMMENT: The one marked "PRESIDENT" is usually open.
COMMENT: If you manage to arrive around 6am you may find parking in the visitors parking, inside the sun bowl garage. It’s the turn literally right after passing the bookstore.
COMMENT: There is also visitor parking at the Mike Loya building!
COMMENT: There’s no free parking on campus… keeping checking the website there’s new permits popping up all the time
COMMENT: In the meantime if u have any commuter friends ask to carpool.
COMMENT: Pro tip Kerbey street, some places are no park zones but there's about a half block where you can park with no issues, it's about a 10/15 walk to utep after, you might wanna get there early because that street gets full quick
COMMENT: I used to park by Mundy park if you're lucky and early enough to get a spot or right on El Paso Street there's another park that has parking available usually. Any of the businesses and houses around there allow you to park there too it's just a bit of a walk but it's better than getting a ticket or wasting so much on a permit. I did it for two years before graduating and it was worth it lol.
COMMENT: I park a a few miles away but it’s not a bad walk