POST TITLE: Parking?
POST BODY: [deleted]
COMMENT: Share news, blog-posts, gossip and other interesting things about our beloved University of Texas at El Paso!
As a new community, we encourage everyone to subscribe and to tell their friends about this subreddit. This will help turn our small subreddit into a large thriving community!
Related Subreddits
/r/ElPaso
/r/LasCruces
Student Resources
UTEP Official Website
The Prospector
Rate My Professors - UTEP
My Edu
El Paso redditors Facebook group
COMMENT: Most of the time, you gotta get whatever you can regarding permits unfortunately.
COMMENT: how does the process work in general i saw one time that it’s like a raffle essentially like you wait in line?
COMMENT: You log onto the parking website on the specific time and day that they open parking sales, then it becomes just luck of the draw really on how fast you loaded in and it places you in a line with all the students
Then when it’s finally your turn let’s say you only had 500 people in front of you, then you can choose parking that’s available
The best and closest to classes are schuster and sun bowl parking garages
COMMENT: Holy shit that’s insane lol thank you so much!
COMMENT: Anything on the southside of campus, preferrably the Schuster Garage. However, those sell out very fast and are difficult to get.
COMMENT: which permit would you say is the best? i’m transferring in for biomedical science i believe i don’t even remember lol
COMMENT: Schuster Garage is the best. It's the easiest to get in and out of. There's always parking available, especially on the roof. It doesn't matter where your classes are; walking is good for you. I just kept checking the website. Normally, they start going on sale before the fall semester begins. It's for a whole year. You have to be quick on the draw. When the date and time are announced, just log in at the exact time. I started school on a Spring semester. I just kept checking, as people graduate and spots open up. I was able to get a pass for Schuster. It was also prorated.