POST TITLE: Looking for parking pass or other ideas
POST BODY: Hey guys I missed the parking pass sale window for reasons. Was looking to see if anyone has one to sell.
Or any info regarding if the school will sell more. I tried parking by mundy park today but I couldn’t find a spot and ended up really far .
All my classes are in the CS building so that area is preferable
COMMENT: Share news, blog-posts, gossip and other interesting things about our beloved University of Texas at El Paso!
As a new community, we encourage everyone to subscribe and to tell their friends about this subreddit. This will help turn our small subreddit into a large thriving community!
Related Subreddits
/r/ElPaso
/r/LasCruces
Student Resources
UTEP Official Website
The Prospector
Rate My Professors - UTEP
My Edu
El Paso redditors Facebook group
COMMENT: Hey guys I missed the parking pass sale window for reasons. Was looking to see if anyone has one to sell.
Or any info regarding if the school will sell more. I tried parking by mundy park today but I couldn’t find a spot and ended up really far .
All my classes are in the CS building so that area is preferable
COMMENT: Following this… I drove around for almost 45 mins trying to find parking and ultimately took the risk of getting a citation and parked in the SC lot so I don’t miss class
COMMENT: In about 20 days, census day, there will be more parking available/for sale. Buying someone else's could get you booted. They are attached to a license number, and they will check.
COMMENT: Thanks for the info
COMMENT: I will be selling Invisibility Paint in the south parking lot at $32/gallon. One gallon should cover most vehicles up to and including the Hummer H2.
I am still trying to figure out how to keep other drivers, bicyclists, trolleys and pedestrians from colliding with a treated vehicle. Stay tuned. For now, best to just park on the grass.
COMMENT: more should be opening up in the next few days. you can also get there early and park in the visitor's
COMMENT: I have a Schuster 1 that I won’t use. I was thinking on returning it
COMMENT: For how much?
COMMENT: you aren't able to transfer them over. you can get a booted for it
COMMENT: I bought it for $225
COMMENT: I can hook you up with a sunset heights pass
COMMENT: There’s always parking available by the Campbell building (school of pharmacy), and the campus loop bus picks up there and drops off in front of the union. It’s pretty far from campus, but it’s better than getting a citation or a boot, but the bus is pretty reliable and is never packed.