POST TITLE: Parking
POST BODY: Hello! I transferred to UTEP this year and I’m just confused about parking. Is it normal to struggle to find a parking spot? I paid for a spot in sun bowl 3 but when I went this morning at around 10am there were no spots along with several other cars looking as well. Do they sell more passes than they have lots? I looked at the parked cars and some of them had blue/red/green passes. But I wasn’t completely sure if some of them were staff permits. I guess I’m just wondering if I just paid 300 only to still struggle finding a parking spot 🥲
COMMENT: Share news, blog-posts, gossip and other interesting things about our beloved University of Texas at El Paso!
As a new community, we encourage everyone to subscribe and to tell their friends about this subreddit. This will help turn our small subreddit into a large thriving community!
Related Subreddits
/r/ElPaso
/r/LasCruces
Student Resources
UTEP Official Website
The Prospector
Rate My Professors - UTEP
My Edu
El Paso redditors Facebook group
COMMENT: Hello! I transferred to UTEP this year and I’m just confused about parking. Is it normal to struggle to find a parking spot? I paid for a spot in sun bowl 3 but when I went this morning at around 10am there were no spots along with several other cars looking as well. Do they sell more passes than they have lots? I looked at the parked cars and some of them had blue/red/green passes. But I wasn’t completely sure if some of them were staff permits. I guess I’m just wondering if I just paid 300 only to still struggle finding a parking spot 🥲
COMMENT: they absolutely sell more permits than spots available, and a lot of people will just park there whether they have a pass or not taking away even more spots from those of us who paid for one
COMMENT: i’m over at the campbell building now but when i was at main campus i could never find parking in sun bowl, your best bet is going to be getting there super early and just doing work on campus. when i was on main campus (4ish years ago) there were still a lot of spots around the 8:30-9 timeframe
COMMENT: Dw by the start of next week you'll be able to find parking
COMMENT: When I was a student I would just head straight to the top level and usually had luck up there
COMMENT: If there is no parking spots where you have a permit, I recommend you call parking to let them know. I did this a couple semesters ago and they provided me additional parking places I can go to. For example, I had SB3 and they said I could park in SB2 SB4 etc.
COMMENT: I’m not 100% but yea it seems they sell more parking passes than what the parking lot can hold.
Give it two weeks that’s usually when people start ditching / drop out. Parking should be easier