UTEP
Parking and Transportation
Permits and Parking
Paid Visitor Parking
Visitor parking is available at several locations around campus. Review the options below to find the best spot for your destination.
Visitor parking is for guests not affiliated with UTEP
Students and employees must use their current parking permit and are not eligible for visitor parking.
Metered parking details
All meter spaces have a
2-hour maximum limit
.
Payment required 7:00 am – 8:00 pm, Monday through Friday.
All users must pay — visitors, students, and employees. No permit exemptions.
Rates: $5 for the first hour, $2 each additional hour, $13 daily maximum.
Payment via ParkMobile or Tez. Zone numbers are posted on signs at each location.
Jump to a location
Sun Bowl Garage (Bookstore)
Hawthorne 1 (Mike Loya)
Mesa 1 (University Ticket Center)
University 4 (Union Services)
Sun Bowl 2
Sun Bowl 10 (Recreation Center)
Randolph 2 (Memorial Gym)
University 2 (Centennial Museum)
Sun Bowl Parking Garage (visitor section)
2301 Sun Bowl Dr near University Ave
Best option for visitors to the Bookstore, Fox Fine Arts Center, Magoffin Auditorium, Cotton Memorial, Centennial Plaza and Museum, Undergraduate Learning Center, El Paso Natural Gas Conference Center, University Library, and Administration Building.
Hawthorne 1 (HA1)
Schuster and Hawthorne
Ideal for visitors to the Mike Loya Academic Services Building, University Library, Administration Building, and Miner Heights Housing Complex.
Mesa 1 meter spaces
Convenient for visitors to the University Ticket Center, Don Haskins Center, and Foster Stevens Basketball Center.
University 4 meter spaces
Best for visitors to the Union Building.
Sun Bowl 2 meter spaces
Sun Bowl Dr near the roundabout
Close to Kelly Hall, Health Sciences and Nursing Building, Undergraduate Learning Center, and El Paso Natural Gas Conference Center.
Sun Bowl 10 meter spaces
Great option for visitors to the Student Recreation Center, Helen of Troy Softball Complex, University Field, Multipurpose Field, and Miner Canyon Housing Complex.
Randolph 2 meter spaces
Near Memorial Gym
Best for visitors to Memorial Gym and Miner Village Housing Complex.
Reserved visitor spaces
Dawson 1 — Rubin Center visitors
Reserved visitor spaces are available for visitors to the Stanlee and Gerald Rubin Center only. Look for clearly marked visitor spots. Rubin Center staff will issue a permit that must be displayed while parked.
University 2 — Centennial Museum visitors
Reserved visitor spaces are available for visitors to the Centennial Museum only. Enter campus via Sun Bowl and University Ave and speak to gate staff for a parking pass, which must be displayed while parked.
Need help finding parking?
Our team is happy to help Monday–Friday, 8:00 am – 5:00 pm.
Email us
Call (915) 747-5724